So today I want to put on a a handful of
trades because I really don't have much
on on the future side. We've been
trading around uh this I mean this
market has been amazing. There is I mean
yesterday's move did you did you happen
to get
>> I saw a few Yeah. I I mean I was
traveling and stuff but uh yeah it it's
what's the may you live in interesting
times proverb like
>> it is it is certainly interesting time
>> right? Yeah, this is about as good.
>> Hopefully it's been treating you guys
all right.
>> Yeah, we've [clears throat] been we've
been having fun with it.
>> I think I think with volatility this
high, I think we can put on a couple
positions. Maybe start with like an ES.
>> Sure.
>> Big wide iron condor.
>> Sure. Sure. Sure.
>> Um
>> so ES 50 bucks a point.
>> Yeah.
>> Get it the span margin. Very I I
[clears throat] mean capital efficient
way to to trade.
>> Tony brought up single stocks. I'm glad
you're bringing up ES options cuz um I
go to a lot of industry events and
things like that with retail trader,
individual traders,
>> and I'm I'm always surprised at people
who might be trading S&P or Spider
options have no idea that they can get
similar exposure using options on
futures like the ES options or, you
know, maybe they're trading QQQ options
and they can they don't realize that NQ
options exist. So, I I think it's great,
Nick, that you're bringing this up. Um,
because it's an awareness thing. I think
in in a lot of cases, people just don't
know uh that they're out there and like
you just said, they're they're span
margin. So, a lot of times if you're
selling premium, which I think of Tasty
Traders, got high rank,
>> you get you get sort of advantageous
margin versus some of the securities in
some cases. So,
>> yeah, I'm glad
>> and a smaller product than than say half
the size.
>> Yeah, half the size. So, if you're
looking to do something that maybe takes
too much buying power in S&P, you go to
for/es, you get the same same exact,
>> not same exact bang for your buck, but
it's the same product.
>> It's it's the S&P 500, right? And and
and we have expiration, they we have
options expire every day of the week, u
Monday through Friday.
>> Um so, just like the one thing I will
say is, um they are deliverable, right?
to where the S&P is going to settle to
cash if if you're in the money at the
end of the day. Uh you will wind up with
a future if you're uh in the money. And
>> yeah, that that that's why you see you
see a bid ask uh up [laughter] on top of
the screen and you see volume. If you go
to just to compare the two, you go to
SPX, you you know you'll see a bid ask,
but you'll see no volume. There's no
there's no trade in there. It's a good
way
>> under Yeah, exactly.
>> to realize that something is
deliverable.
>> And Nick, I interrupted you, but you
were saying 50. It's the multiplier on
these options is 50. So, and that's one
of the other things that people have to
get used to if they're used to trading
options on securities where, you know,
it's 100 shares. So, instinctively, if
you've been trading a lot, you know,
like multiply this by 100 and that's
your dollars. Like, it's instinctive.
With futures options, you do have to get
used to that multiplier. In this case,
it's 50, right? So, it's
>> I think that's the biggest surprise when
somebody trades uh one of these futures
for the first time, futures options for
the first time. They'll see a hundred
and think they're getting $1,000 and
you're you're not. You're getting $500.
So, it looks so good, so big to be true
with the amount of uh buying power
you're using. So, what are we looking to
do? So, sorry.
>> I I was thinking just like a 100 point
wide wide iron condor. we go out to I
was looking at the the April um 30th
which is the end of the um end of the
month contract. Do you do you find that
most like liquidity is kind of centered
around those end of the month type
>> uh you know it's kind of throughout the
curve now right so we've all heard and
and I know this isn't necessarily the
tasty trade philosophy the zero DTE
phenomenon right and that's and I'm sure
you have traders that are trading we go
over it every Thursday options zero day
yeah
>> so certainly you know some of the growth
that we've seen in options uh from the
retail segment has been in zero DTS but
we've also seen you know and I think
it's a testament to like what you guys
teach. We also see we've seen growth in
like those 40 to you know the what you
guys talk about a lot like put it on and
then manage it and stuff like that which
I love to see right because I think
that's a very responsible way to to
trade options
>> and all these are are there there's not
a liquidity issue I mean across the
curve they all are you know a couple
ticks wide at bad at most so it really
doesn't you know you're the the
advantage that you have with something
like the ES options is and the fact that
they have basically daily options here
is you can pick whatever expiration you
want. You want to go to 31 days, you
want to go 34, 35, 38, they're all, you
know, they're all pretty liquid. They're
all kind of
>> and they are most mo there's four
options throughout the year that are
American style, but everything else is
European style, so you don't have that
exercise risk. We do have the it's kind
of a legacy thing, I guess, cuz back in
the day, we only had four expirations a
year, right? The court March June 70s.
Uh so we actually have two options that
expire on those four Fridays. We have
the legacy quarterly uh which goes off
in the morning actually and is America
style and then the European that's the
kind of the daily like most of the
options are. So just again these are
just things you kind of got to know but
small things
>> you'll see those so on the platform
they'll be labeled with this AM. Um
that's great so everyone so you know it.
So people kind we get this question
every once in a while like why are there
two expirations here like these are both
you know June 18th there's one
>> not the most intuitive thing in the
world. So the AM options, the last day
to trade those are the Thursday prior.
So they they settle in the morning,
>> right,
>> based on the on those,
>> right? So there's essentially almost a
whole day of premium in the other
option, the European option that goes
off on that.
>> Yeah, you'll see it ex expire, but it'll
still have premium because it's not
settled yet.
>> So, but these are just things you just
got to know and and it's not rocket
science, right? Um just a couple of
nuances with these. Yeah. You were going
to you were going to look at something,
Nick.
>> Yeah. So, here's what I'm looking at.
Um, so I'm looking at 51 days out uh 100
point widespread, which is about $5,000
in total max uh value, right? So, you
have I'm looking at about 40 um uh
>> $4 in credit.
>> $40 in credit. Here you'll see your max
profit, which
>> is $2,000.
>> $2,000. That's 2,000 again because of
the 50.
>> And you get this extra margin relief.
So, the buying power on this spread is
going to be about $2,300 bucks. Whereas,
your actual max loss is going to be
$3,000 on this trade because five five
uh [laughter]
$5,000 is to the total value at 100
points wide. Um, and if you're selling
this at 40 ticks, it's going to be a
$2,000 credit.
>> And you're really just selling a call
spread and a put spread, right? That's
that's what an IR condor is. And and I
think it's another great example because
I I actually do a presentation sometimes
called an option is an option. And my
whole point is all of the stuff you know
from securities options your Greeks and
VSS and strategies they all work the
same way here. So like an iron condor in
this is going to work the same way as an
iron condor in a spider and spx option.
>> Yep. Same thing. we just got filled. So,
I'm short the 7100 7200
uh call spread and then on the put side
the 6300
uh it's basically a delta neutral.
You're selling around the 20 delta for
the short options. You're further out of
the money because there is skew to the
downside. So, you get a little bit
further out of the money there. We
talked about skew this morning. Uh so,
this is a perfect kind of um example of
that. So, uh, short volatility kind of
neutral on price here for the next 51
days. Um,
>> and I think we've talked about on this
show when when when did skew get
introduced to the options market, Tony?
>> O options on futures?
>> No, the options. When did when did skew
happen?
>> Oh, skew didn't happen till87.87 crash.
Before that, everything was uh, you
know, $10 out of the money. The call was
$4. The put was $4. You know,
>> it's not that long ago.
>> Not that long ago. I mean, it's a long
time.
>> It's a long time,
>> but not that long.
>> In dog years, it's a long time, but in
trader years, it's a long time.
>> Just a little piece of trivia. I've
always liked
>> Yeah. 1987. And that's when all the the
margining changed too um on your
positions, too. They uh looked at upside
and downside completely different.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I also wanted to do the gold silver
ratio. I actually looked it up cuz you
have the new SIC contract which uh the
sick contract the silver um
>> as the kids say.
>> As the kids say, you know, one one of us
[laughter]
um MGC, you can do 1 to 8 on the 1 MGC
to 8 SIC is roughly.
>> Well, what about the 1 oz gold then? If
you want to do that like
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Cuz you've got the 1 oz gold which is
going to give you a a
>> more similar ratio there, right? You can
do that one to one basically.
>> Almost one to
>> one to one cuz I mean well silver's more
volatile. So I mean that's that's kind
of where the trade that's where the
trade comes in, right? But
>> sure.
>> Um but yeah, that's probably a better um
>> you know, if you want to spread those
two.
>> So the the 1 oz contract is you got
about 40,000 contracts traded just today
in the 1 oz contract. So it's pretty
liquid
>> for Yeah. I mean it it's fairly new. Not
as new as the sick
um but but it's Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's
really developed quickly, especially uh
with the moves that we've had in metals,
you know, months.
>> We're going to do we're going to do
that. We're going to do that one to one
one. So, I'm going to I'm going to buy
the 1 oz gold contract. I'm going to
sell
>> which you got filled on.
>> Which I [clears throat] got filled on
the SIC contract. We'll do that one to
one um
on here. Let's see if we can get filled
here.
>> Why not?
>> Yes.
>> Right.
>> Yeah. So that'll give us our gold silver
ratio. You got that ratio at what 58
right now.
>> Mhm.
>> Were moving again this morning, right?
>> Yeah. You got silver up about 5
and a3% and gold's up uh a little over 2
and a quarter. So pretty big move in in
metals here. Uh we bought the dip a
little bit yesterday too.
>> Um
>> you do that one to one.
>> I did that one to one and we we can look
at the the MGC SIL too a little later.
But I also wanted to talk about so with
span margining you can be pretty
flexible with positions. So I was
thinking of getting long the MNQ
contracts. So look at the micro NASDAQ
NASDAQ
>> micro NASDAQ contracts which is um
onetenth the size of the NASDAQ contract
which is a big contract
>> but we can sell a call spread in the
NASDAQ futures and do this as sort a
sort of pairs trade. it'll be slightly
weighted towards the call spread cuz at
the start it'll be a big
>> sell the call spread in the NASDAQ
options
>> and then buy along the future. So it's
essentially like a covered call that you
spread off a little bit.
>> That's what I'm thinking.
>> That's I love it like you know and that
so the that micro NASDAQ that's a
futures contract worth let's say about
$50,000 right because the multiplier on
that's two.
>> So one is going to be about $50,000
worth of exposure.
>> Mhm. So yeah, and and again like I love
the example because once again it shows
you that you you know a covered a
covered call or in this case a call
spread is going to work the same way in
these options you know with paired with
a future as it would you know in the
security side. So if we do like
maybe a 200 point wide
>> sure
>> call spread. Sure. So what I was
thinking was from a delta perspective um
so if you're if you're doing about so at
one/10enth
um the size
if you have one micro NASDAQ contract
it's going to be roughly 10 deltas to
the NA to uh a NASDAQ.
>> You got about you got about 90 deltas in
spy is what it comes
>> No an MNQ. Oh, an M MNQ
>> MNQ onetenth the size. So if you had one
micro NASDAQ
>> and [clears throat] you had a 10 delta
short call spread in the NASDAQ futures,
you'd be basically delta neutral
>> neutralish neutralish.
>> It's a it's a great example because it
shows you how you can use that micro
future combined with the mini options
because of the delta. And you know, in
other words, if you had a 100 delta
option on, like that would be 10 times
the size of your future because you're
doing the the regular size option with
the micro future. But in this case,
you're going I I love the example. And
so if you're doing sort of a a covered
>> futures position,
>> we could do two of the micro NASDAQs. I
bet you about 20ish delta. That's
correct. If you were trying to reduce
that by selling like a 25 delta call,
you could sell about four or five deltas
in the NASDAQ futures. That gives that
net you about 15 NASDAQ delta
>> at this time position total, which will
be about, you know, like if you were
thinking in like stock terms, it' be
like a 70 delta.
>> That's correct. That's correct.
>> Position.
>> That's correct.
>> All right. So, we're going to do that.
>> You did the math right. So, we'll do the
uh 26,500
26,700.
It trades at about one/ird the width of
strikes is $1,000 in credit versus about
three grand in in potential loss on that
spread. So, it's about 25% of the width,
but it nets out to be about, you know,
I'm selling like a 23 delta call and
then buying the 19 delta. So, it gets me
that four delta basically reduces it by
like 20% on the long position. So, I'm
short. It gives me a short V component
to a long NASDAQ position.
>> So, we're we're going to try and get in
that one. And we'll do that like 50 days
out.
>> Puts a time component onto the pure
future position. Yeah. A decay a decay
component onto it. You get a little
>> data
>> which we like to have. Yeah.
>> On on our trades.
>> Very good. Let's see where we got folks.
All right. I'm in at 5450. So, I got two
of the micro NASDAQ long contracts
against a 200 point wide call spread in
the NASDAQ futures. And those will be
span margin against each other.
>> Exactly. Right. You get that leverage.
>> Exactly.
>> Very nice. Put on the follow page. Good
job out of you.